https://codepen.io/adonispuente-the-bashful/pen/MWwagQW?editors=1100

1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        What gives meaning to everything
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        The structure of a website
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        what gives an additional meaning to something, and its put in the start tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        For the biggest heading, and its only used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        anchor tag and src tag
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        <header>
    7. What is an id? 
        a tag that gives something a lot of specificity weight.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        heading tags, paragraph tags, etc.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        once
    10. What is a class? 
        a way to group something together and to be easily identified later.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        background-color, color, etc.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
            as many as youd like
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
     you have to href it and then provide a link
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
        alternate text for an image
    15. How do I reference an id?
        use #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    a div is just for grouping things together, a section is more for styling it.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        to decorate  the html
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
         h2 {      }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        class is for multiple things and ID is for just one in particular. You can have a class of fish, but maybe theres only one shark in that area. Youd youse the ID for the shark.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
     with a .classyouwant
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        used to match elements that are direct children of other elements
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
            div a {    }
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
            selects elements that are in a specific state, 
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height 
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        border: __px
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
            command+a
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /*      */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
            rm
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    allows more people to help at the same time.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        as often as possible
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    You press the file you want to work on, fork it, add your TL to review it, then clone it in your computer.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
            you cant put block elements inside inline elements
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
            its position value is absolute
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
            Its margin, border, and padding. From my understanding the fix is using math to understand it.